feat(replay): Update docs for starting/resuming recording (#6096)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platform-includes/session-replay/setup/javascript.mdx

```javascript
myUndefinedFunction();
```

> ### Lazy loading Replay

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Lazy-loading Replay
```

> Replay will start automatically when you add the integration.
> If you do not want to start Replay immediately (e.g. if you want to lazy-load it),
> you can also use `addIntegration` to load it later:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you've added the integration, Replay will start automatically. If you don't want to start it immediately (lazy-load it), you can use `addIntegration`:
```

```js
Sentry.init({

>   // Do not load it initially

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  // Note Replay is NOT instantiated below:
```
